caf: ble_adv: Update advertising data configuration documentation (#8457)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/machine_learning/README.rst

  You must define a :file:`_def` file for every module that requires it and enable it in the configuration for the given board.
  The :file:`_def` files that are common for all the boards and build types are located in the :file:`applications/machine_learning/configuration/common` directory.

Advertising configuration
-------------------------

If a given build type enables Bluetooth, the :ref:`caf_ble_adv` is used to control the Bluetooth advertising.

> The mentioned CAF module relies on :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to manage advertising data and scan response data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This CAF module relies on :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to manage advertising data and scan response data.
```

> nRF Machine Learning application configures the data providers in :file:`src/util/Kconfig`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Machine Learning application configures the data providers in :file:`src/util/Kconfig`.
```

> The application by default enables a set of data providers available in the |NCS| and adds a custom provider that appends UUID128 of NUS (Nordic UART Service) to the scan response data if NUS is enabled in the configuration and used Bluetooth local identity has no bond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the application enables a set of data providers available in the |NCS| and adds a custom provider that appends UUID128 of Nordic UART Service (NUS) to the scan response data if the NUS is enabled in the configuration and the Bluetooth local identity has no bond.
```
